feat(ref): add a yaml section (#196)
go-vela/docs: content/reference/yaml/version.md

---
title: "Version"
linkTitle: "Version"
weight: 1
description: >
  YAML tags for version block
---

> The version tag is intended to be used in order to issue warnings for deprecation or breaking changes within the YAML document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version tag is intended to be used in order to issue warnings for deprecated features or breaking changes within the YAML document.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm still seeing this as `deprecation` instead of `deprecated features`
